al al al al
[Music]
[Applause]
ch
[Music]
[Laughter]
H Oh
[Music]
ch
[Laughter]
[Music]
ch
H
[Music]
ah ah
[Music] ah ah [
Music]
T ah
[Music]
okay okay okay And you are we are going to move on to
the last question Okay then you call me
pet don't interrupt me you call me
Excuse me again I'm going to
[Music]
tell you but Mario's music is always
worth it this one is knitted FR looking at the
sunrise you are F you are you are you are you are
please don't interrupt me you
call me Excuse me again I'm going to
tell you
again you
call me please you are you are
[Music]
are you pui are you pui are you puer are you
puer are you are you are you are puer are
door are you puer are you puer are door are
you  you are you are a
puer you are a pueri you are a pueri you are a pueri you are a pueri you are a
puii you are pu you are puer you are door I saw you are door you are puer you are puer you are puer you are a puer you are a puer [Music] you are you are you are you are er you are really stupid man [Music] [Music] good night family today is coming up quite a night Don't wait Don't tell me I haven't opened on Twitter not open I'm
stupid
Why why Wait we open really fast
because today is a
day today is a busy day eh today we have
here let's see wait for my
people today we have a
pretty busy day eh I mean today is broken
schedule first day of nutritionist
first day of nutritionist But today is
broken schedule let's see if it's true
that tomorrow morning I don't have the
gym I have to take the dog to
get some vaccinations and and on the way I'll
get them myself
damn man if it's true I also have to
take the dog to get some vaccinations
and and tomorrow I don't have to get up so so
so early and it coincided with
all the commotion that  hey today I've been
telling you I'm waiting for Anika to
reply to me on Instagram Anika so you can
confirm something so I can give
credit to whoever it may be because if you
're telling me Aica that in the chat that
that doesn't belong to that person who does it belong to? We
have the original
Anica Who does the original belong to?
Everyone has sent it to me and they
're sending it to me from there I don't know if you F a
joint or what Let's see I was telling you I've
touched you on Twitter I'm
going tell me your Twitter the truth I was
telling you that
this week in the next few days
things were coming yesterday
yesterday okay we have the original we have the
original we have the original okay it's that
one of the harassment accounts
uh they had published this with a
watermark Okay and they stole it we have the
original the original was published on
Twitter
okay rub's official account apparently
the rumors were true some colleagues
from the family courts in Monterrey
just confirmed to me that there is a
divorce lawsuit between Ari and Juan
since September 5th okay [ __ ] it didn't
take them long to communicate it eh
sure let's see [ __ ] It's that  they had
published it on Twitter one of these
harassment accounts eh that steal
information or publish false information okay they
had published it with
watermarks and I was a bit shocked
because I already said I realize that there are a
couple of people who talk
with this account but damn [ __ ] this already
clear here there are several options okay eh
when a document is leaked This
okay because several
colleagues from YouTube were talking to me and they are
telling me But this How how is it going to be
how are they going to leak it But who is going to have it
let's see this document eh that
this type of documentation is leaked in
the gossip press here is that the
kids like there are many channels that
start making mantras not about the
salsa channels today about Oh it's that about
private life it is that I don't know what it is I do
n't know how much and they don't understand how it
works in the gossip press okay
this in the gossip press it is very
common to see this type
of things leaked okay when It could not be
leaked because for example if here within
the lawsuit Well there is a piece that is
talking to you about imagine an
illness  that one of the two has
an illness something sexual something private
something intimate okay but basically it's a
divorce suit neither eh in
fact it doesn't say anything let's go
read it April Mexican of legal age in
my own right
authorizing indistinctly with the
broadest faculties to hear and receive
everything basically
this not only confirms my exclusive
from this afternoon that could have been
my exclusive from last night do
you remember that last night
things started to reach me okay they
started to reach me actually
Okay but well it was not it was not
confirmed and it was a the big question is
who stays in bed Sorry er meme
Well then I tell you I tell you that it
's Ari who's suing Juan and asking for
a divorce
Okay I didn't say that this
afternoon I completely lost my [ __ ] mind
because my head was in a thousand things I had
just picked up the kid from school I
was in a hurry to go to the nutritionist
and I gave the exclusive in that way
but here we have it more complete and we're
going to expand it Okay I imagine that they'll
catch us here being here when
they start to bring out the  statement
eh That they're getting divorced okay But well
once
again exclusive confirmed exclusive
confirmed okay my mistake
my mistake was not having given the one about
Gemita's breakup The other day but well God
willing eh
God willing I have information
about that that I'll be able to give soon okay
because the thing about Gemita, go to you, Gemita eh,
the thing about Gemita, go to them broadcast and according to what I
'm finding out not only is she going to
broadcast them but she's going to broadcast them with gr
too okay
and practically e Well let's go
over it does it seem like we should go over it does it seem like we should
go over it I mean
I was going to comment on this last night but
a problem happened and they tied me up there was a
problem there was a problem and there was
confusion and I didn't dare finish
commenting on it because what if not And if yes and
if it wasn't really a divorce but a
separation then I sent a couple of
messages to see if they answered me with
the intention of seeing the reaction that
many times the information well it
comes like that okay I sent a Fran r the son of a [ __ ] I sent
a couple of messages I sent a
couple of messages I trust you Fran I
trust you
okay I sent a couple of messages to see
the reactions Okay so what's
going on? Well, yesterday I
was live Well I couldn't give this
exclusive because it's a bomb as you
can understand today too
strong for me to do that mess and
then I found out A little while later that it's not
true you know what I mean
So it pissed me off a lot and I left
here super pissed off last night
okay
but better like this and this morning they had
answered me eh on WhatsApp the reactions
were what I needed And then I
scheduled the live that you're seeing
here for 2:30 in the afternoon okay I
scheduled it
starting to talk a little about this
topic because I would also like Well I would
like I didn't like to clarify a couple
of things about some comments that
Silvia, Auron's mother, made yesterday here
live that to be honest I didn't
find appropriate nor was it the
time okay And above all it wasn't
true what happens is that I started with the
joke to bullfight the  situation J because
I don't want to start arguing with
the mother of a colleague here and tell her
No, well it was like that, well it was like that ok No, it's not
what I intended okay but things
are not like she insinuated nor is
what she insinuated behind it nor have I let my
tongue go or anything like that.
I saw some things and as a colleague I
warned my colleague, hey man, this
could harm you, simply okay, without further ado, I have never
done anything that could
harm anyone I get along with or
anyone who has value okay, she got
angry and she felt bad that I
acted that way, I understand it
perfectly, I apologize, I don't
regret having done it because it's what
any colleague would do and I
consider it to be the right thing Okay, but
things are not how she is
saying them and the movie that has been made,
well I don't understand why it has been after
the funa last year with everything
that happened okay But well, I hope it
passes with time and I hope that she
comes back here for the salsera  the
lady and sio Likewise, well, I wish you eh
the best of wishes, no, but
[Music]
Well, there are several issues, okay. I
opened this live stream with this title and this
thumbnail. Because obviously if I
scheduled the live stream with the title with
the original thumbnail, why the hell am I
going to open it live if I'm already
saying it in the title and not in the thumbnail.
And then later I confirmed. And I gave the
exclusive. It seems to me,
family, that
today it seems to me that today,
despite the hardships and the anger I
had last night, okay. Despite
the hardships and the anger with which I
left
here last night, today we have
probably given the biggest exclusive
of the year, I think so.
eh, I think that today we have probably given the biggest
exclusive of the
year, and that's how it is, okay. That's how it is. Yesterday I
left pissed off, eh. Yesterday I left screwed. Eh.
This is about I don't know which of the two, okay,
surely in one of the two
the divorce of Ari Gameplays and
Juan Warnon will be announced. Well, it was obvious. You're
saying it out there in the chat, damn, it was obvious.
I don't know why because it was obvious
to me.  I've been surprised, damn, I've been
surprised, honestly, no. Let's see, I had no
[ __ ] idea these people, well, this
very famous couple, no, I would say that
surely one of the most
famous couples of
Latin American streamers have divorced, okay.
Well, I don't know if they have divorced
exactly or announced their divorce that
is in process, okay. I understand that they have
divorced, eh. I understand that they have
divorced, but maybe it is in
process, maybe it is in process. Okay, they have
planned, I don't know if maybe this is
going to change it, I understand that I don't understand
that this, the fact that I have given the
exclusive because it has been leaked to me and it
has reached me, well, I understand that it doesn't change
absolutely anything and that they are going to do it.
In fact, Ari yesterday posted the
following post: Hello, hello, hello,
how are you? Hey, tomorrow I'll turn on live
and I'll see you, okay. And according to me, next
week we'll be back a little more
on the Setup, eh, that crazy, that crazy queue was
n't working. I don't know what, I don't know what
the crazy queue is, okay. But what I think
is that it will have changed.  Setup and
today he is obviously going to announce from his
new Setup that they are going
to communicate this divorce, okay, the reasons and so on, well,
obviously they are private and I have
not found out, okay, in this
marriage, for me, Juan has swallowed a lot,
okay, why, because he has put up with a lot of
things, he has forgiven, well, I don't know if he has
forgiven, but he has swallowed things
that I would not have swallowed, okay, he has
forgiven things that are strong, as you
know, no, and in addition to that, he has
also lived with many things
that he did not agree with, the
Lolly issue. For example, I remember
when they made that
uncomfortable comment to him and he got
upset and said about the bed, okay, I mean,
there we can see absolutely clearly
in his body language that he had
never really accepted the issue of his
wife making that type of content and
so on, no, and that simply, well, I don't know if it was to
act modern or what, well,
he swallowed that, and that, you have to be very
mentally prepared and you have to not care,
really. I mean, whatever it is, it is a decision
that I don't think comes from time, okay, I
think it is a decision that has
something happened that made him change his
mind and they have and have decided to get a divorce
But today they are both going to get together to
announce it and
our exclusive has just been confirmed okay family Let's
go into detail I'm going to tell you
a couple of things that I find quite
interesting about this topic but I don't know
if you would agree with me
that Ramn Today is the day
hypothesis Ari discovered something between Juan
and Espe and that's why he asked for a divorce you
've advanced I'm going to talk about it now
okay You're more advanced I'm going to talk about
it now but I think taking into
account that we are barely missing 600 and some
subscribers on the
main channel I think that today I think eh Now if
you want if not it's okay eh if
you
want it's okay if not eh but I think
that today would be the perfect
day to reach
600,000 Okay I assume that
all the people who are
subscribed to the salsera here will also be on the
main channel tomorrow there is a very
intense video on the main channel tomorrow there is
a very very intense video very cinematic also
very cinematic also Okay
then I think that today Look around  delux has just
become a member delux a
big kiss okay
eh I think it would be good if I took
all the cell phones in your house all
the
multi-accounts share and whatever you
want And that we reach
600,000 subscribers right now to rest
assured we're going to watch the
Dalas live now too okay take out the
multi-accounts do whatever you want okay
but main channel tomorrow a very
intense video with a lot of information
that you're going to freak out okay because I
wanted to do that well edit and the whole
thing tomorrow on the main channel
find your way but take cell phones take
multi-accounts take grandma take
whatever okay And that we reach
600,000 and then I think also for
400 members that we are missing we
could also reach the 400
members that we are missing and reach the
eye 6000 members
6000 [ __ ] members now I
'll tell you about what is being said about
Mikel thank you very much a hug
t knock
toc Okay, that
being said, eh Well, look, I have a couple of things to comment on, point number one on this topic, okay, they've got me up to my neck, okay, they've got me up to my neck, excuse me for the expression, those Juan Guarnizo fans who start joining a
group, I don't know what's up, they sent me screenshots the
other day
to put
community notes on me all [ __ ] day long
in every [ __ ]
tweet Javi Oliveira This is the
exclusive, okay, in the
exclusive tweet Javi Oliveira is a channel that
usually bites a lot and
lies and lies, okay, Ari and Juan They haven't
said anything about their separation, I haven't
said that they said it, I said
that they are going to say it, I'm saying
the exclusive, no, no, they don't have to
say it, they're saying it,
not to mention that Javi threatened
Juan with damaging his marriage, he was false, he was
false, the day if it's the day it's known it will be
explained And I will say and I will tell you why I did
n't want to go into it and why I told you
this way and why things are this way but
how am I not going to do it  ok well well I don't
know if you're ever going to know in your
life and I don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ] what
people think Francisco Javier
Oliveira that tongue
forgive me something that Javi criticizes when they
do to him with his wife gosh gosh of
course it's exactly the same as me
to defend myself from a guy who is
throwing [ __ ] at me I respond with something that I
could throw in his face that if one
day it is known it will be understood why I
responded like that that day because it had to do
okay with my wife being
pregnant and that it was a
lie okay very different
Okay being pregnant with the
intention that she had a bad time being
pregnant okay same OK But trust
you aside this is an opinion
what the [ __ ]
is a [ __ ] opinion what does this have to
do with a community note the
streamer couple Juan Guarnizo and Arin Plays
have not commented on any of this
the post is just a way to get
interactions Go [ __ ] yourself Well of
course I want interactions I'm a
youtuber But you know what the worst thing is
that the other day they slipped me a
community note okay I was uncle
ika  hater who took the
comment seriously don't do this to me I want to
give it to him I have to give it to him from real guys
pathetic okay but the other day they
slipped me a [ __ ] community note it was
removed in the morning
couple breaker at night
Batman is you are referring to
Ricky edie quillo that the other day they
slipped me a community note in a
post that didn't say it didn't say anything that
was a lie it was a post in which he
was talking about how El Rubius in another
live was announcing the
skin thing and Juan said something like Hey don't
interrupt the live we're going to do
No I don't know what it was going to be when I finish
reacting to things I don't know what okay Well
then they put me on their balls for their
balls they put me a
community note because
community notes don't deal with the truth it was good it was
well proposed the topic
was well proposed because it's
interesting that when there are lies and
manipulations on YouTube they are going to do it
the thing is that on Twitter when they
put a
community note on you that post doesn't monetize it takes away
the monetization  generate that post how do they do
that on YouTube mother of God how do they
do that on YouTube but the problem is
that at least on Twitter I don't know
how to be a youtuber okay at least
on Twitter and
[Music]
works based on
what is most socially accepted
the mob would put tweets on Dallas every [ __ ]
moment about things that were things that did
n't require a
community note and for me there that that that has
nothing to do with a
community note this TT has nothing to do
with a community note an
exclusive And that means that means
that it works well with the thing about illo
Juan what was it when las
sicora put it was las sicora Yes when
las sicora put it
and what
about when las sicora put the thing about an
opinion the fans don't understand the
work of journalism they don't understand it
But that's because there are many youtubers who
criminalize the subject of the heart still
Look at myself myself
once What a gameover it was I think it was in
Juan Joblo's gameover I remember
the [ __ ] exclusive that I lost that to
this day to this day  Today I would have, I would have
published that video, you
understand, I mean, today that's what
there is, it's heart journalism, hey, what do
n't seem right to you? Hey, look very
carefully. In fact, I've had material from
that. In fact, I've had material from
that and I didn't use it because it was frowned upon
because we had like the. But those
are ideas that have changed
over time, I mean, there's a.
Look, in the past it was criticized. When
the streamers started Patreon,
then after a while everyone had
Patreon, then it was criticized,
and then the donations thing was criticized.
Today everyone lives off
Twitch or Kickstarter or
YouTube members and the most income comes from
members of the Super chat and
all those things. We all ask,
today we all live off donations.
Okay, on this topic, it's true
that there was like a certain mantra of, Oh, but I do
n't know what. But how are you going to talk about
private life, I don't know what, I don't know
how much, obviously I'm not going to deny that there are
practices that Juan Juanjo did, no
damn Jairo Jairo Jairo blo  Jairo blo
Sorry well eh there were practices that
Juan did again he gave me a 10 damn I'm
remembering that note
Jairo that there were practices that
were dirty because there were practices
that
were getting into
things that weren't newsworthy
okay you have to know how to differentiate between things
that are newsworthy and things that aren't and
then there's the issue of you being
cordial with a person and respecting
that person more or another not so much
anyway but in the gossip press This
is day to day if not
gossip programs don't exist all the magazines
readings week I don't know what what they
publish have seen this famous person at the
disco making out with I don't know who
have seen this one and that's how it is and
today such And such And then there are a lot of people
returning to the subject of this no and why am I
telling you this that has freaked out with
this that this is leaked Okay well you know
what that this even It is legal in
quotes to
publish it Okay what is it that would not be legal to publish well it would
not be legal if
this were a medical report for example
in which you tell me  Hey Hari
Gameplay has had a bleed I
'm making this up eh Oh my God that wouldn't
be legal here you're not revealing
anything to me in an intimate way about her health her
religious beliefs her
sexual orientation it's a lawsuit that is an
exclusive that I already said this afternoon
okay it's already news it's already being talked about and
this the one who would commit the crime would be the
person who accesses if they have accessed
this illegally okay I mean imagine
a
court official and they catch him that normally it
can be traced But well
uh the person who publishes it well I do
n't know who
published it but it's a Random really
then Ah well he's a columnist and
jurist or so if he's a columnist I
understand that he has uh that he works as a
journalist okay or so journalists
okay what I do know uh that
the issue of
how it would be seen is not yet regulated For example if I
did it, a youtuber who is dedicated to
This okay Why don't I have a
journalism degree but my job in a certain
way could be
communicative journalism Okay so for example there
was a case in which Beln  Esteban
made public some communications from
Roco Carrasco in which she did not
intercede, they gave him the exclusive and she
directly told me, Rocio Carrasco
reported her through criminal means and the
procedure was archived. Beln Esteban
alleged that she is a collaborator,
communicator, as a journalist. Why?
Because according to the law, and here comes the
friend of This is
worth it. Yes, she would commit the crime if there is
someone who illegally accesses
heo. Okay,
what, they leak it, okay. There could be
a crime. Maybe there is an indication, but
the journalist is
legally
protected by the law, at least here
in Spain. Of course, here we are talking about
Mexico, no, but at least here in
Spain, the journalist is protected by the law in
that you have the right not to reveal your
source. I mean, imagine, I publish this and they
report me, okay, well, in the case that
that law would work for me, which I don't know, okay. It has
n't been lifted yet. That ban will
one day be known.
eh. They report me and they call me.
I go to court because they start a procedure
and they ask me.  Hey look,
this document has been leaked, this is a
lawsuit ta ta ta eh
Yes, they are reporting you for
revealing a secret, it came to me
anonymously But who it is, I cannot
tell you and you have the right eh You have the right
not to reveal your
source so I understand that there are many
people who have been scandalized by this
but as I told you it is something quite
common okay quite common or rather
the issue of in the
gossip press this is like this okay this is how it works there are
dirty techniques there are
dirty techniques there are times when
things have been leaked that are not permitted there was a there was
a collaborator of Slvame that the guy
started to tell a medical report of
Chabelita the daughter of Isabel Pantoja okay
saying that well that Isabel Chabelita
isapi Hi the daughter since you put together the
mini divorces deceptions harassment
restraining orders that open debates it
is time to dismantle the
mini esor How did I take that day how did I take
that day for the landing not to
start and here we have it no Well I
took it saying okay I'm
letting you know here a
potato roll well is that collaborator on
Slvame he started to say that no no it's
that Isapi was at the doctor's last night he
was at the doctor's last night because he had
bled he had bleeds and it's
like bleeds I mean you know
things women no I don't know if it was an
abortion okay but it's like and then he
notices and he denies it to me that here I have
the evidence and he denies it to me of course there
that is very heavy I mean you imagine
let's go to the
doctor that you go to the doctor
and the next day Maybe you haven't
even told your mother what
happened to you but Kiko Hernndez has your
part doctor I mean he is your gynecologist's dick you
know and you're asking me and they did
n't report it Well of course
things happen there what happens is that if it
was reported but of course the power that
a television station has and especially when we're
talking about those characters those
characters are very tied to a few
television programs so if
the producer or the network comes to you
and says Hey look don't report that  I'm
going to give you survivors and
those kinds of agreements are reached, you know what I mean? And
then you say, [ __ ], what's more worth it to me
that this guy gets
fined a criminal record or am I
more interested in a reality show where I'm going to get paid
100,000 bucks and I'm going to continue being
relevant, you know? Total how good
practically this what
surprises me
and what should catch your
attention the most is that it
's Ari Gameplay who asks
Juan for a divorce okay in short
this is a lawsuit that
Ari is filing against
Juan here cento but no don't worry
really don't worry that's how it is
when she was fighting with Juan she
said ch pullita Tell me what you
consider pertinent in reality
unfortunately these issues well
women eh it seems that you are not the
kindest person I'm not sure but
from what I'm seeing it seems that you
ended a relationship and I think it has to
do with Grief what's
happening to you and I hope that soon, soon,
soon you get over it because look
in Mexico we use this phrase I won't even run into you
No, I don't even have the pleasure of
knowing you, I had to googling
right now, so I don't doubt that you're very
famous, not everything, do you do it to me, let's
see what I do have to tell you,
these are rumors, okay,
rumors,
and there's a girl that I like, I do
n't dislike her. I ran
into her one day at a
mall and the truth is, I think she's a
very nice girl. The times that I've seen her
here on the internet, I've thought of her as a
delight. The girl, okay, on some
occasions, I don't agree with some
things that she's posted, but oh well, it's okay.
Generally, I don't dislike her, I don't
have anything against her,
but this girl, I don't know if you can
send me a luare or someone, okay, eh, one
time she posted a
tiktok in which she claimed that she had
hooked up with a streamer who had a
partner,
yeah, she's not nice, Javi. But anyway. Oh, let's
see, I don't know that much about
her, okay.
But let's see, me. The moment I
ran into her, I greeted her, no, in fact, she
sounds familiar to me. Oh, Javi. I don't know what you know, we
greet each other really well.  to me it seemed
more like the thought that you've seen around here Well
Total that in a retic video she In
a test of the truth or I don't remember what it
was esp
everyone doesn't like yes Ah well I've seen that it's
very successful damn well you're
surprising me the truth is I had no idea
but well The thing is that the girl like
said something like she had
hooked up with a streamer who
had a partner on some occasion and
everyone interpreted this as if it was
Juan okay it has never been confirmed I
have to tell you that I have not had
information that confirms it for me
therefore I cannot tell you that it is
true okay I have not had information
that confirms it for me and
the thing is that yes it is true
that there was like a lot of chemistry between them
and Ari's bad faces in some of the
games
in some of the soccer games
this one that has the one with the King no because
she was she was the president of the
women's team of Juan's teams
and she had uh I
mean if you ask me my
opinion she tells the truth you have hooked up
with some  influencer with a
partner
Yes, he tells the
truth, are you ashamed of how
streamers react when they? Of course, but this
could be at any party,
any streamer who may not be
that famous has an
anonymous girlfriend, which is a thousand things, man. I mean, I
understand that people, they, they ASSUME it
practically because of the fact that, well,
that Juan and she have had
some flirting or it seemed like flirting, not
in the games, okay, no, Javi, it
was with Juan, well, okay, well,
you guys are very clear about it, but I don't
know
if you want my opinion, it fits me, okay,
I'll tell you my opinion, my opinion is
that I see them fooling around, I see them
fooling around and not only fooling around, but I
see it on Juan's part,
okay,
look, the first thing is that the girl is pretty,
okay, the first thing is that the girl is pretty, the
second thing is that Juan has a
debt there, he had a debt there or he would feel
that he had a debt with Ari and Gref,
okay, so
that is something that Juan has not
overcome. I
mean, there are several things that Juan has
swallowed a lot.  and now you guys will tell me
Ari has swallowed ma no damn [ __ ]
Ah sorry It was not, it was not on
purpose there is one there is a Movida in which
Juan was seen quite
upset and in front of the public to
keep his partner no kidding I
promise it was not on purpose that he was going kids kids enough is
enough eh
that's it for keeping his girlfriend But
this is a I mean there are guys who are like that I
think that with age he will
wake up and will stop being a Beta with
age okay very young he is very young I think
Juan is not 30 yet no or yes I think
Juan is not 30 yet no Or if
he is it was not on
purpose I swear it was
not on purpose
people were putting it on me well she was more swallowed
with the esp thing people were telling me
how is it later kid is
later and apart from what What is this esp
is confirmed I did
not make a purpose I swear look at the
previous video the
main vgia Well yes I am a little
tired because the day is almost over but
we have a good while left here  with with with
a couple of pretty powerful gossip yeah
Anica look at the previous video there are a
lot of people telling me that Ari has
swallowed more because of esp, you don't see the
flirting that Juan had with esp in the annihilators thing
look what I was telling you okay And these
are things that stay with you okay if
things as serious as what happened with
Ari and Gref happen these are things that
stay with a couple
Okay Juan practically pretended that he
was fine with it and that he could handle the
only
fan thing Greetings from Madrid Javi
red heart the king of gossip
And you my prince Fran a huge kiss
remember you all How great my
dream would be one day when I started and created
a YouTube channel I never thought that
we could reach 5600 members it would be
my dream to reach 6000
tonight and only you guys can make it happen by
giving away a member each [ __ ] today
between swallowing the member the I don't know what the I do
n't know how much vatela how are we eh
practically practically
eh Juan pretended like he didn't He was very
transgressive very very  tolerant, she didn't care about
her partner, let's see, I don't know if
you've ever seen
Lolly's Ari fan videos, okay, but
Lolly's Ari fan videos. Gameplay
are almost porn,
the movements, eh, well, it's missing nothing, it's
missing almost nothing. Thank you very much. Nao. Thank you very much,
choco, those who are
giving away members, well, your body is great.
Serrano. Thank you very much, friends,
Puritan grandfather, no, let's see, Puritan grandfather, no,
sark. Pink, a huge kiss, a huge kiss.
And thank you very much for your 10 members. I
send you a huge kiss, beautiful, you are
very beautiful, I can see you there in the
photo. Look, let's see, I'm going to give you my
opinion on that, okay, only
fan issue. And you have a partner, okay,
there's a point for me that I'm going to
say very clearly. Ok, and it's neither machismo
nor carca nor any [ __ ]
[ __ ]. I don't want anyone to be
satisfied
with my
partner. Call me weird, okay, one thing is that it
's a person. There is a clip in
which esp and Juan hug each other, but when
Ari enters, esp moves away and shows an
uncomfortable expression.  s s makes a
face that doesn't
see I mean just like that I mean no it doesn't make
sense it doesn't make sense I
mean you have to have a
very open mind for that for you to not care, you
know what I mean But
personally, I, No, I wouldn't
stand for it, I wouldn't be with a person
who did
that I mean let's see but how how is
my neighbor going to see How is
my neighbor going to be seeing my partner's parts that it does
n't make sense None of you understand me
now that your partner is really hot and
suddenly man, well, she likes to show off
her cleavage and all of a sudden And there are people who are
also bosea Well, it can't be helped,
she's a famous public person who
is beautiful who likes to brag that she
likes to show off okay, perfect, but one
thing is erotic clothing,
provocative clothing, a bikini, uploading photos in
underwear. I don't think anything will happen
either, for example, if you have
nice underwear, model, I don't know what it's worth,
but man, certain movements, certain
dances, and certain touching in
content that is also pay-to-see,
I wouldn't like it, I wouldn't stand for it.
Likewise, just because I can't stand it doesn't
mean that I criticize whoever does it,
I  it seems that whoever does it has so
much right to do it
and and what and what [ __ ] great I mean yes yes
in the couple it's okay whoever does it
perfect is not hurting anyone It's
supposed to but of course in this case Juan
was hurting him but if both of them
take it well and it doesn't
hurt either of them and they are happy with what he
does and with what Gan who ate him are
crying
loudly not because he banned you eh those things
not because he banned you
eh Do you understand me or not I don't criticize
whoever does it whoever does it is free it's
their body it's not someone else's body they
are doing it with their own they
can do whatever they want and and they
are not hurting anyone okay
Nothing happens absolutely nothing Aha I wouldn't
stand it Javi when you unblock me
from YouTube the ones who are blocked on
YouTube is because of the wow wow the
puppy emoji and so on So if you want to come
back you create another account and And if you've
grown and you can already be on this channel
then you re-subscribe and participate
in the
chat mindly that's one point and the other
point is that  let's see now that they
finished reopening it only
probably because she was happy
doing it In fact,
when she left him, I told her clearly. I did
n't know that Juan was like that, of course, it
turned out that it bothered Juan
so much and I couldn't stand it because
I told her if you're leaving him
because of what people tell you, don't leave him.
Do what you want if it's what you
like and you're happy and you win because you
earned a lot of money, okay, but of course
in Ari's case, she still became a
millionaire, eh, I mean, she earned a lot,
a lot of money with that, but you
can never avoid that from being
leaked on the internet forever and for
free, I mean, right now anyone
can
see it. Agustina, a kiss, Cielo. I mean, when
you tell me, I'll do it. Agustina,
but let's go 100%, eh. And for free, let's go, and for
free, the good thing is, free, don't become
members, free either, I don't like a lot of
money, you know what I'm saying,
eh. For example, imagine Lali's case,
well, you can't imagine what happened. Lali,
if there was a Telegram with 14,000
followers that said  everything I
published you probably won't accept
but you have given me my full salary
that I have never sent a single insult
no no because apart from that it is very difficult for
me to ban eh I mean it is very difficult for me to ban I do
not ban because they never criticize me
and almost with No insults but
evidently yes yes they are people who
spam in the comments spam of moj and
puppies and spam of Wow Guau and those
things it is that it bothers me it is not because it affects
me but because it bothers the
interaction of the Channel so one thing
is that you delete a comment that you say you
[ __ ] it has gone too far but if you are
banned It is because of spam of course it is that the
fans of those channelillos They start to
spam a lot their illnesses and
things like to create the sensation that there are
many comments against you
know and then They are they are
10% what about Ali to Ali it was profitable
that there are people and that on the internet she naked
photos and pornographic videos of her
has earned money Lali in
exchange for that a lot because I am
completely sure that not so
much not so much and tomorrow that
Ali does his  life have a family and all that
stuff
any person cl that these are
things that are not thought about Ari Juan
thought about having children one
day your children in school and they
start showing them videos of the mother
doing
porn for me no eh I mean literally
for me no not for me
But hey everyone is free and many
people think differently than me and each one you
know I mean they don't have to think
like me that I tell you I would
n't do it nor would I stand for
anyone around me to do it And when I
say no one around me I'm telling you a
sister come on you
know but that
everyone has their own thoughts and I do
n't criticize whoever does it I don't
criticize whoever does it because they're not
hurting anyone they're not doing
anything wrong they're not doing anything illegal
here the bad thing would be to steal kill hit and
those things
okay But
ok then back to the subject to me
what wouldn't surprise me either
Like this Juan Although he did that he didn't care
but you could see how much it
affected him when the subject of the
bed it wouldn't surprise me either if Juan
always had it very present and
especially because it reminds him a lot the
subject of
gref the subject of
gref  So what is it that is what
happens well they are people who are very
young Sasel was also very open
and look he also couldn't get over it
the issue of the the issue of the thing with
Gref hurt him Juan hadn't gotten over it or forgiven it he
went back to her and
forgave him because he was
Cook he was Cook and and there are many times that
especially when we are young eh I mean
already that old it happens but less that you
fall in love with someone And you get crazy about
someone And you're crazy and they're
hitting you in your [ __ ] face
and you act like no no no no no no
and you deny what you are And you know that they
are hitting you But you yourself
deny it so as not to feel so stupid
that's happened to me The kid eh The
kid happened to me they laughed in my
[ __ ] face and I swallowed it And you know
why he's crazy and because you don't
want to see it because you want to by the balls
it's not you don't care that I have to
forgive you for the horns
pom and Juan took it at that
moment  and he absolutely surely didn't believe
Ari's Apology But that
happens Exactly he didn't believe
Ari's Apology But to be with her I have to pretend that I
forgive you I
forgive you darling and I've been with her with
that in mind constantly What's
happening well it's
not about justifying it it's not about
justifying it really e But it can
perfectly happen that you have e a crisis
with your partner with your wife with your
marriage okay that you have a crisis
and in that
crisis The situation is at its weakest It's the
most complicated situation you're in a
moment in which you only see the negative in
each
other and that someone crosses your path that catches your
attention that you like or
whatever
okay if this thing with the girl happened
and Juan did
this it would have made sense to me I'm telling you I
'm not confirming that it's true
because I don't have any information
that gives me anything to think about it's
my personal opinion okay And in the
case that Juan had happened He would feel
like he had collected his debt okay And
then
Ari who is the one who says I am the boss of
this  [ __ ]
relationship me and I can humiliate you But you ca
n't me And then
Ari won't forgive that But I'm going to
tell you better I'm going to tell you more I
think that even no no you're not laughing
but this is so literal I mean this is like this
but literal
imo the boss of the relationship is
doing the
dishes for me And then Ari okay dude dude dude dude dude
dude the one in charge Ah It
's hari dude I mean this kid this
kid doesn't talk to wcol and he has a
chicken with wescol that freaks out when
he started the thing with wcol and look at
me wcol is not my person she's not a
person that I like okay but but Juan
has her for wesc because wesc said the
only reform that he supports Juan guariso
his girlfriend's ass that in the end is
unnecessary but Damn it seems much worse to me
some comments quecho kku what a tit
your girlfriend has what a tit Ari when
you and I want I don't know what And with kcu you
eat coscu's the simbr and you
find him and everything is fine ccu Everything  [ __ ]
great I don't know what but but I don't talk to wcol We
would have to see if Juan would have
spoken to wcol or not
if instead of being from the King Lich he would have
been from the Minecraft circle or I do
n't know what Move anyway But anyway what
is clear is that
[Music]
with with
with wcol he has had no problem
stopping
talking to each other but with Goku I forgive you friend I've
passed and the custody of the stutterer
forgive me leave the stutterer alone man who has
n't been saying anything lately he's
behaving well leave it already man this
is his thing
girl you're telling me here that
she's already putting up
posts for simp but let's see they're the Posts
that she always puts or rather she put it
Even on the day of the day that was so
unfortunate she's not going to put him
divorced But anyway basically for
me my opinion for me things Yes they would be
a little like that eh
but if the uncomfortable one is Juan why is Arie the one
who asks for the
divorce Well that's what I'm going for okay although juar
although Juan hasn't done anything with esp
in case he has  fact that I do
n't know Okay, all the more reason but
even if he didn't do it simply the
flirting that was seen Ari doesn't Forgive him
now Juan's new adopted son is
Gibel I don't even know who you're referring to Mikel
although although even if Juan hasn't
hooked up with esp and it's just a rumor I don't know
that I know how much it's worth if he has done it Worse
if he has already done it Cruz OK
But simply with him with the foolishness
that was seen that is already enough
for ar to say you Here What's going on What are you up to
and over there I think
the shots are coming from
there That Belaire says she's asking for a
divorce to keep half of
the things I don't know what there you are already
smoking a huge joint
eh And coming to a tremendous conclusion tremendous tremendous tremendous tremendous
eh tremendously risky or rather
literally How the hell can you do that
But well what I can confirm
Look I'm telling you but
let's tell you eh
Look
Ari was the one who filed for divorce from
Juan it was not by mutual agreement
Okay Oh who's okay Cacho that's
my information eh I'm giving it to you
eh Just in case it's not enough for you, simply
with the lawsuit I'm confirming it to you
that I forgot to tell you this
afternoon okay Ari is the one who asks
Juan for a divorce it's not by mutual agreement OK
Therefore that lawsuit that's
circulating is true okay piquillo a
kiss you see that on top of that the guy has been
sent to hell he has been
sent to hell
oh who's okay getting chat Oh
den they'll kick me out if they give me bit they liked it I
can't watch this right now I want to
monetize this live there are a lot of
people I'm going to put a tit in fact eh
Because there's some confusion wait It
seems to me that
reven today is
the How can it be that ama and her husband
look so pure and good from the outside I
say and the sister is like that with her ex-
husband night and day
literally I know it ties up a
world Wait wait of course
people are giving
as if I think Juan is the one no no
Wait wait I have to clarify one
thing here
Ramn Today is the
and that clip [ __ ] grandpa if you wanted
demonetize your live for that you bring
Frank on a call XD now now I'm
going to talk to Frank who just got
up don't answer me Javi I thought Juan
had self-respect no no Of course this
is to
see but I don't know what moji to put for the
news I have to put a finger no and that's it
No [ __ ] way a finger also come on
I'm at work Good thing I decided to
use headphones Greetings from Texas
that no I didn't do it well man I forgot
that detail I
forgot that I forgot that detail man I forgot that
detail bomb that we gave today eh
bomb that we gave today
guys well we have some topics now
to comment on
eh we have a couple of topics here today to
comment on quite
interesting if you think we start with
this one from Frank Ok says inco bomb
Yuji's partner despises the money they
took from Fran cua for the
luar sanctuary tell me
Rey okay Okay Okay then we also see
what he said
like this after publishing a video about Yuji on
the tiktok account Chris krown couple
From yuji several people have posted
comments regarding the money that
Frank had to give him to get the
shrine back Let's
see when the money runs out
the love runs out haha And Cris says when we
met it didn't start with the money and it will
never be about that I should be
wiser that little bit of money wouldn't last anyway we have
ours And if you have yours Why do you
make that comment about that little bit of
money I wouldn't hesitate anyway that
little bit of money wouldn't last anyway no
Karma yuji The rat karma only wants
your money oh God I wouldn't dare
touch it it's too small not even
for her it's not enough she
shouldn't even brag about it [ __ ] dude how
ugly I mean how ugly no don't go
commenting on what it has to that is
[ __ ] for me no [ __ ] with how much it
cost dude I mean if it's true or it's a
lie or whatever you know I mean yes yes if
the most comes or someone comes who
earns a lot of money imagine a
famous youtuber and says man I [ __ ] on
50,000 turkeys I don't know how much it was
200 how much was the total in
euros adding Gref's it was almost 300
no 250 300 okay I [ __ ] 250,000 okay
perfect but aunt HM what has it cost has it cost
us it cost me a trip eh
a sacrifice of a week to many
people to donate eh add another
trip the one who helped her or the one who got her in
also the one who has many problems
she not
sure I no longer believe in love
heart stick poop with eyes I don't believe
these comments are in English but they
have translated them Vale and he published it
even translated and Fran well He has certain
news that we are going to react to
about some [ __ ] madness that I
found out about in the live broadcast itself I
found out about in the live broadcast itself and I
told Fran this what And he says no no it's
that it occurred to me tonight okay it
occurred to me tonight pay attention to the
smoke I mean it's the and I want to show you
a little bit what it is that I want to do in
the next in the next year and a half
from now until December 2025 I have 52
sticks  I think I have about 15 years
of working well left and then strutting my stuff a bit, it
's not much unemployed people are worth the
future of their children, it's little that they've
sold it for, that's why we
agree, it's little for what they've sold
their children for, that's why I'm in agreement. Completely
agree, yes, for what they've sold their
children for, yes, it's little, we agree on
that, yes, I would like a sanctuary
made by a Spaniard in Thailand to be
a world reference. Up until
now, I think I was doing things
quite well, what you're seeing now,
well, the sanctuary already is. It's already a
reference, it's a
reference, now it's the sanctuary, no,
the sanctuary, right now it would be this, if you
look at this part on the left where
I am, right below me, the same
company that bought that part, in other words, is
the owner of the savannah, bought the savannah,
so right now if they wanted to, eh, they would
split the sanctuary in two and we've
reached an agreement, what happens is that
the agreement, well, it's not that
buoyant for me either. Ah, he bought it for
[ __ ] [ __ ], the agreement is [ __ ] crazy,
the agreement is a [ __ ] joke.
But well, it can be
paid, the truth is, you have to  say it all
but well and he sells it to me for an amount of money
that I'm not going to talk about money
because I'm going to earn the money
myself and I'm going to do
things the way they have to be done no My idea
is to buy the savannah by 2025 and
expand the sanctuary to this this
would be the sanctuary Now I would expand it to
This I'm going to squeeze the most out of myself
in every way and I want by
December 2025 the sanctuary to be
like this project with a
4m high concrete fence and from that we will be able to
admit animals of greater or greater weight Grand
the shape of the land gives me Knock the shape of the land man I'm like that
eh I'm Knocking I mean because it seems
fine to me to buy this piece but [ __ ] it's that
I'm missing this
piece not all of this if you're going to buy this I mean either you
buy Imagine this piece
here but of course this is one you know
but it gives me Knocking I mean this
strange shape of the sanctuary gives me
Knocking I would like it to be fun fun fun fun
square big or whatever not three
completely different ecosystems forest jungle
savannah and desert create
something for the future  that is unique I am
going to open myself up to absolutely everything to
sponsors to do other things Even if
I have to go clown around on
television from time to time not on a
reality show but if I have to go
clown around on something I will do it Because I think it's
worth it watch out Fran in a
reality show eh me I I would be your defender I
always invite myself to everything they invite
everyone except me eh there is a
lack of an Aquarius it's true it's true
for now I have already accepted a proposal
that they made me a big one to do
a very particular thing that is not
many days they told me about a giraffe eh
that was old and other things Even
if I have to go clown around on
television from time to time not on a
reality show but if I have to go
clown around on something I will do it Because I think it's
worth it for now I have
already accepted a proposal that they
made me from a fairly large company
to do a very particular thing
that is not many days it is something
like what he has always done
they told me about a giraffe that was old and that it was lame
and that they had to
get it out of there  because the other such and
such of the zo and they told me if I could
bring it and I said of course I can't bring
a giraffe right now I can't bring
a giraffe and it's a [ __ ] because I knew
what was going to happen with the giraffe which is
what happened in the end that she puts an in
to take it up the ass for that reason and
because I find all these
things many times Eh well I want to do
this right now as you know I have I have
a person who is editing the videos I do
n't know if you liked yesterday's video
yesterday's YouTube video I think it's
spectacular sol I'm [ __ ] crazy I haven't
seen the edited video I have
n't seen it dude what video It's
edited What's up
guys Well we're taking a
walk around here around the sanctuary as you
can see it's not bad it's not bad let's see but
these 3 cutting things here and you see that a
lot of people come here
And the truth is that it's cool It's really cool let's see let's see
what we can see Look
but apart from this I can rotate it no Let's see
now I'm already seeing the roosters I can't
rotate this you can only rotate it on the
mobile black The  Black rooster with the
hen It's really cool to see it because it's
very pretty this rooster is
beautiful and the hen is a little bit but
this rooster is beautiful guys it's
beautiful now it's coming behind us
but there's something I don't
understand Oh it's not a 360 video but there's
something I don't understand why the stick can't be seen
why the stick can't be
seen I'm sending it all to you to
edit and make the thumbnails and everything
which is going to give me more time to like I
told you do a lot of things but
that can bring in money to be able to take
better care of the animals and I want to make a
recycling plant for this entire area the
entire area of let's say from here
20 km around eh a
recycling plant not at a home level but not at a
brutal industrial level it can make
plastic water bottles and other
products with plastic it's something that's not
going to give us a lot of money but I
also think it's pretty cool to be
able to make that recycling area no
Well then we'll be on the lookout I
think that I think that
very good things and times are going to come for Fran okay Yes it
's true that because of the issue of  some
political opinions no and so on, well there are
some little doors that they have closed on us
but I think that
very good times are coming I think that
very good times are coming for Fran
and I think that I think that the topic of I think that
the topic of the
video game Ju is going to make a lot of
money it's going to be something very powerful Okay and
also I don't know we should but what I don't
know man I want to propose
something to Fran for us to do okay more
often since he has left the topic of
with these people but what gossip we could
comment gossip by vetoing some topics Maybe
because I wouldn't like it either
Well I don't know anymore some little thing we would have to
invent something that
with which we enter
Ram Today is the
D Frank could create his own reality show
of youtubers in the
sanctuary but it's that but it's that
youtubers always lend themselves half Random you know half
Random then I'll see but we are
thinking and of we are thinking of illas
and well family well today Auron has broken
his silence and and has given a little a little
explanations as I expected that he
was going to give them
Okay I think well I haven't seen everything
because I was in  the nutritionist I
saw gref's message I saw the
title of the live stream ok I stopped believing in
love ok he took it like that he
gave it like that he got this roll like
not like so that he doesn't get
too [ __ ] on gemita ok And and he hasn't
told what happened to him and what they
did to him Okay he touched on the subject a little and
well nothing like something that hasn't worked
and the title I don't believe in love I have
stopped believing in love and and and
literally what he says during the
live stream is that he believes in love ok gref
sent him this donation that
really caught my attention and we are investigating
the subject. Hello Auron first of all
Ender pear no [ __ ] idea to make any
reference not one of these that you
young people use and I feel bad
no and secondly I recently spoke with a
friend and I realized that I
was also a victim cheer up and always Ender pill
what the hell is that
is something from
Minecraft But what what what does
this
Minecraft mean something from Minecraft but
what are we going to put Auron's response
to this an item
but it's an object But what is the
object because of course it
says I was also a victim, so what I
understand here in gref's message
is that with gref the Ender Pearl is an object
from Minecraft a kid on tiktok says it
weird and it's cool and it became fashionable
just because of
that it's a pearl that when it is thrown you
flee from the place teleportation is toe
to
another and the thing about I am also a victim
to me smells like a prick that this gem
messed with gref too in fact Look
in fact look at one thing Okay,
that exclusive about gref's breakup And
who gave it the gem the
[ __ ] the [ __ ]
Ender pe video is a Gem from the game a
joke
it's in a [ __ ]
video I guess he meant
at the beginning how do I appear and the other time he says it says how am I leaving a kiss Thank you very much forgive me thank you thank you to all of you who are giving super chat hey hey hey 6000 people here plus 2000 on Twitter I make it easy to reach 600000
in the main channel and  6000 members
here no
guys I say eh I say eh to
fulfill a challenge Look what I say in
this video eh
[Music]
Look family very good Well first of
all I ask you please to click the
subscribe button okay in this channel
you will find out about all the gossip and
all the gossip and gossip of the you
of the heart in this one I am not going to be the
bearer of good news surely
this news well
be and sad for many people and for
many followers of the protagonists there
was a lot of speculation And
surely their viewers their viewers
already suspected something especially in the
last hours there have been no indications that
indicated it And well according to my source and
the people as it
seems to me that it is a reference to someone
who says that word in a funny way
Oh man my voice hasn't changed dude it's been
several videos that I've been watching like this
videos reviewing old videos dude and I
have a different
voice I mean there are several videos that
I see and my
voice is worse I don't know if it was I think it's
the nose thing I mean if my nose is
more crooked eh
and  I think it's the nose thing
man when you have this voice you don't
notice it when you have it you don't notice it but
now watching the videos I'm
noticing it is that I have another voice man or is it
a joint of mine how do you
see it those that I have been consulting
getting a little thing out of there another little thing
from There I am stuck it is very nasal the
nose I mean realize that I had a
crooked septum and the and this thing
that I just had surgery now
again that I had to go over the
turbinates now in fact I am
feeling better I am not throwing
garbage anymore the scab is going away I have
one last cleaning this week I think we
are done Well I think it is
next week but
all the air comes in perfectly through my
nose man now and I have a sense of smell and everything
here I didn't have a sense of smell but man
look at your nose It's as if you
almost had I would dare to confirm it okay
but until the protagonists of the
story do not make it official we are going to
say that they are speculations okay but
unfortunately everything points to that gemita
by the way gemita the other day on
August 4th gave an interview that has a
nose in the interview every no because
you say that women have to
work twice as hard to become a
successful streamer no And so much that you have
worked twice as hard gemita like you have
been with gre and with
auron Play let's see
wait
Ah I don't know with what word I say it
let's leave that for another video gemita
and the accountants eh everything would point to
the couple no longer being together okay there are
many clues and a lot of information
that could confirm it but I tell you
for now we are going to wait for the
couple to confirm or
deny it but everything would point
eh For the people who followed gemita
for now Andorra is doing her Stream
almost leaning on the shoulders of her
lifelong friends okay traveling
alone to Valencia that I couldn't click
I'm going to put you together putting the pieces of the P
within what is an r and I'll leave you with your
own
conclusions [ __ ] it seems to me that there was a
moment this almost putting the pieces together of
entering there that I wouldn't have done
any  grace information That for the
moment I put in quarantine that would not have been
funny to him. Inform the one
who has left the relationship because he has
received certain information That for the
moment I put in quarantine that would not have been
funny to him. Okay, moment, I'm
not going to go into that information there. I didn't say it. I didn't say it. I didn't say it. I didn't say it. I didn't say it. Of
course, no, no, I did
n't have a way of verifying that. I did
have a way to throw myself here to the fact that they
had broken up, okay, they told me, they
told me from Andorra
and let's see. Well, basically I decided
now, let's see, basically what was being
talked about was that he should broadcast. Let's say that he would have
failed Gre or that maybe he wouldn't have
failed him but that he
would have done something that bothered him a lot.
Now he's your friend, he's still an
acquaintance, the truth. Now I'm going to go after
his mother, that's what he doesn't know. He's laughing at me
with
this. What you don't know is that now I'm going to go after
Gref's mother. The truth is, I'm going to
tarnish your whole family. Gre. You won't be
able to avoid it.
It's good that I've
done it. Next, now the mother arrives. Well,
you have to
accept it. We're older people.  we can
do whatever we want so okay
Then you can say something on Stream if
you want but I'll have already done what I
should do You know So okay just
kidding is it a joke or not I don't know I don't
know her we should see her says about gref
Thanks but thanks because
for all your fam not about gref I
'll leave you alone No more I'm not touching anything else
gref sorry about the skin Oh okay
Sorry, what a pain in the ass about gref's skin
eh what a pain in the ass about
gref's skin eh You're welcome gref you're welcome David
escrib Look on Twitter b797
donates to auron Play I don't remember
dude can you put it in the chat
again I'm going to look for it here on
another screen just in case it's a
dick okay
tell me again please okay
boo 97
97 auron first of all
endp I recently spoke to a friend and
realized that I was also a victim
anonymous and always Ender Pearl what about
an Ender Pearl Ender pe of a pearl  a little
hello Ah you're
from gref a
little hello but a victim of what no I don't
understand from gref no I don't understand you from
gra you're discouraged by your
skin Don't worry I'll talk to Epic
man I'll talk to
Epic I'll talk to Epic and I'll insist that they
do a Skin review because that's what
you deserve that they leave you a
nice skin may God bless you Epic
personally did you think I said the other thing
thanks and no no calm down order I have a
restraining order watch out for you and all
your surroundings gref Well there in Andorran
the restraining orders are a pleasure
eh luare I don't know if you're here luare
give me a sign of life I mean we'll put this
in an extract and now we'll see and now we'll
see what aurom said
about his breakup okay I mean I'll
repeat myself okay he put in the title I stopped
believing in love although Now
later on he's going to say that he still believes
in love but well a little hypocritical
eh super hypocritical aur in this eh and
well he took it well my friend  the
truth is that I saw him better today
Look, he had a shitty face on
Monday, Monday He had a face like he smelled
lemons, whoever didn't see that he wasn't
well wouldn't know him, I mean, Monday, He
had a face like he smelled something
foul, it was really noticeable. No lie, I do
n't know if it was Monday,
wait Sorry, it's Wednesday, Sunday, Sunday was when Auron came back I say it, why not Monday [ __ ] I'm an idiot, not on the [ __ ] day that I live Monday, bad face, shitty face Tuesday that was yesterday, cto, the live in Seco because they were messing things up on Twitter pin pan and he
cut the live in Seco super shameless, I
mean, the one I don't know that I know it was a
cut of the live in Seco, not the one
Ricky Edi says,
okay Today he's happier why Well
because he met Gref's mother, joking joke,
Gref, we're friends now Gref that you went to the
sanctuary okay, it wasn't done, Gref the
Hedgehog no, it wasn't done, Greg the Hedgehog
Eh then there there eh there there eh the
ps there there eh love exists What
happens  that sometimes things sometimes
work out
eh Sometimes they go wrong eh Nothing happens
really nothing happens I mean eh it's that
no there's no need to make a big deal out of it I'm
really telling you I think that
love exists let's see and I'm a faithful thinker
of that I think that there comes a
time in life when one
will find a person with whom you can
have a house three cats and
tomorrow a boy a girl if it comes up of course
I'm a faithful defender of that and I'm going to
think about it until the day I die the
truth until the day I die man they have
me fed up with
the followers of these people
man putting it from the notes of the [ __ ]
community man the document shown does not
contain any signature letterhead of
any no the community notes
are not to refute what you don't like
man they are not to give opinions you put this in
the box in the answer I mean it's not for
this [ __ ] [ __ ] because it burns you and they
are very heavy man they are very heavy the
community notes are in case
Juan comes out now and says no we are not
divorced  so there are Plants a
community note but a community note
eh Because a person has published that
saying Hey I have this information
boom man the community note is
for something that is truly denied
What is the need well they are the
kids and the fans and these people of
the youtubers but they are in terrible damn that is
not for
that sometimes well it is difficult it is not easy
because sometimes people are not
compatible because sometimes things happen I do
n't know no no I am not going to stop
thinking about that that one thing has not gone
well then let's move on to the next that the
next one does not go well either let's move on to the
next But if life is like that
What are you going to do okay [ __ ] it's going to happen from next to
next you're going to be pink
sim
[ __ ] crazy eh I know that those of
me who have experienced harassment and it is a
very unpleasant feeling
harassment
No well little more
Eh Well little more
Eh he hasn't said anything more relevant no
guys let me look around
here but
practically something very light
big hole I think I didn't say that and
that's why I failed the truth is I think it's
the  key phrase that needs to be said
but ok Hey man, do you want me to
tell you, we all make mistakes, man,
really, [ __ ] if you want to insult me for
that, well,
insulted I hope you're okay It could be
this big hole I don't think I said that
and that's why I failed the truth is I
think it
's the key phrase that needs to be said but
ok Hey man, do you want me to tell you, we all make mistakes, man,
really,
[ __ ] if you want to insult me for that,
well,
insulted but we all make mistakes
[Laughter]
eh the mother who gave birth to me
man the mother who gave birth to me watch what a
naughty night we're having today eh now
we have to see now we have to see
what Dallas said no I mean
Dallas has said several things eh because
we have Dallas here let's see responding
to
ruk ricu denying that his fans are children
important Dallas talking about the
debate with Ricky edy Thank goodness
gref doesn't like gossip cara revoli
par Let's
see let's see This is okay yesterday Dallas
published this video okay Well I liked
the video Honestly, what I
liked most about the video  It was the topic of
how he does the calculations and such, not because of the
Bots. I mean, yes, it's true that the
mortal delox's and Ricky's are rare.
Although Ricky moves, eh, I
mean, Ricky moves a lot, but it's
true that the accounts there in the
interactions were rare, okay, the
other one is a direct scam, I mean,
those interactions are not and period, okay.
Ricky answered him yes, I don't know if luare
can you put me some of the
screenshots of the answers he gave.
I would love luare if you could tell me that they
put it in the group, please, if
you can, eh. Because delox
ran out to answer this. I mean, this
video is not for delox and delox
ran out, okay, running to answer
this,
okay. Ah, okay, we're here, okay.
Where's Ricky's? What's
here is worth giving him my opinion:
zero hater. The video that dala uploaded about
the children, very, very weak, delox, I think he
uses because 5m and that few
comments, a video. It's weird, but I don't
see Ricky using Bot, I don't know what.  give your opinion the
kids
I think he can put a little bit of a
click eh on Twitter eh looking at the
accounts looking
at the accounts a little bit of a click yes But I still tell you that Ricky moves a lot What happens is that it is true that they are people man when I said the other day in the video it was in the video where it was that Ricky Ricky and delos agree that they are
insecure people with many
insecurities okay And people came to me to
tell me the subject well Dallas has uh Dallas has had
surgery a thousand times and it's like man
let's see point number one I'm not
talking about physical obviously if you
have a complex with your physical appearance you don't
like your nose for example I didn't
like my receding hairline and you can do it it's just
absurd not to do it if you can
okay or if you feel calmer and more
satisfied with it okay I mean it doesn't make
any [ __ ]
sense how strong that how strong how
strong is from blue places now I
put it to what I mean that they
have many insecurities I mean Ricky
in fact led the relative to that
lie of what  that she had been
raped for not admitting that she had been cheated on
is a person with
insecurities constantly needs to be
given likes I mean if he's
arguing with someone he needs to
have more likes than the other person if
one day it happens that Ricky moves a lot and
is fighting with someone that is
frowned upon socially really and what is
good and has proven is eh the opposite that they
throw hate at him okay Already in itself or with
people with much less followers
like it could be me or Princess Yanu
trust you fight with Princess Yanu
okay But he needs if one day he
fights with someone that that gives him
ratios and gives him more like and those
childish things that guy gives him something it gives him a
trauma or he would buy them I'm going to those
things not dasas he has sent him with like an
email okay with a warning okay
warning threat take it as you want
No how about tired of pretending your
different name tired of pretending a
different name ready to receive
a visit see you okay
eh I sincerely would not have made this threat
I personally would
have  a little [ __ ] on his dead
okay because this
account is always accusing him of the same old things
okay I'm like well Sorry no I wouldn't
have it I wouldn't have [ __ ] on
his dead I wouldn't have said
absolutely
anything you know if it's that if what he has that what
you have that they can't
tell you anything else that they're telling you
about olivita again and he's going to make you
strike and send threats in
emails and [ __ ] you know out but
well
delox to pay a visit to serene he does
have time but to attend the
debate that he's been asking for years not
so much
coward where
I would do it you're saying it out there
Okay but well Never
where where daas has rejected the
debate It's that I'm seeing this
a lot in some of
Ricki's tweets okay stop going around in circles and
RSVP in person we
have things to talk about man these
tweets you're seeing these tweets it's
coming up really high look here he
starts comparing numbers again I
use Bot because my videos have
views and his don't Hahaha I [ __ ] t
three I [ __ ]  your three channels of 16
million subscribers with the only one of
mine of three in a month of in a
bad month my views are Spanish
envious
historical jester decadent youtuber
uncle uncle uncle
uncle I [ __ ] your visits
kid of course and yes and if you compare yourself now
with
mine I [ __ ] your
visits let's see I've had 15 this
month and Ricky double well nothing this
means that Ricky is right eh
[ __ ] that he has given us
eh And if you're going to talk about Twitter santom
don't make me laugh that you take 200,000
followers and you spend time here and this
month 20,000 new people have followed me
and you have abandoned
89 Ricky Ed for the shorts Ah Good point
that eh Let's see the shorts are valid for
me The shorts count because I also
have a lot of short visits
so I'm not going to underestimate it also if you have a
lot of visits from chor if you
charge eh it's money that goes up let's see
Dallas has
had 10 million without
short 10 10 million without  short clear
We would have to see of those 30 million
visits that Ricky has How many are
short if they are 10 million if they are 20
million if they are
15 but come on it is that it does not matter if that is
not the point if they are chor or z visits
Imagine that Ricky Edi is arguing
with egun happens that you are going to start
comparing the
visits man of course it would not be It would be
good no but it has nothing to
do with it you can be arguing with a
person who has infinitely more
numbers than you and that and that and that
the other has more likes and the other has more visits or
rather And you are right or a
This is basically what he told me in the
debate that he later denied okay But
well I do not understand why they claim
that the other has rejected the debate I
understand that the debate is going to
be
eh I understand that the debate is going to be
held eh But I am missing one luare I am
missing one that they have put in the group that
has caught my attention the sense that
the thing does not apply to him because it does not apply to him
And  so here I ask eh Because of
course when I give my opinion or take a
position or or or or I give zingers too or
whatever I can't they tell me that I ca
n't give my opinion about the other because the fight is
not for me so I wonder
if the same thing is going to be said or not here let's
see if I can find it
wait that
[ __ ] came out as if the video
was for him and says projections review he did it
again and puts a picture of
Ricky with the little boys and Dallas
with little girls Not clear is what
What's going on of course Here there is a move
point number one point number one a
projection is when
you are accusing another person or you
are insulting another person with
things that you do but you attribute it to the
other but you don't really do them
so here there is no projection
because Ricky Eddie does have this
this fandom of little boys or whatever but
this is literal
delox doggy no no they are not going
to tell delox I am the one who could not have
posted a tweet and saying something or
refuting something to Ricky about what he is
saying to Dallas I could not  I
couldn't do it if you can dedicate your life to
Dallas if you can okay
and this was an
Ariann concert in fact for the clothes Oh no me you
're not seeing it because of the clothes I would
dare to say that this is a
recording of an Arian video clip in
which Dallas made a truck a long time ago I
counted a couple and it was already like 10m Ah Senda
Of course if I'm not mistaken This was a
video clip in which Dallas has a
cameo for the clothes These are
Ari's followers Oh Ari's
Arian okay These are
Arian's followers and for the clothes I think it's a
video clip that comes out and that
this photo appears I think it's like
18 and are you current or from
last year take me in the suitcase Those
are followers of the Sister says Alicia they
are not followers of the sister let's
see it
Look at the clothes go Dancing under the
full moon Under the Moon we are going to go
dancing the moon
l Alicia you have something to
Add what date okay Alicia Well look
2018 what I
said something more than Add Alicia
with liy
there supporting her  sister obviously
as it has to
be Alicia those channels are in another place in
another place at another time and well I don't
know if any exist at this time but well
you can go to other channels if not you don't
like it and it doesn't fit you the truth XD okay
Alicia
XD Well then this is a
photograph obviously Ari's fans
Ari's Followers well they ask
Dallas who is famous obviously he is there he has
gone There he makes a cameo in the
video clip he asks him okay they are followers of
arian and that's it 2018 present Ok
Likewise Although d had these
followers Ricky also has it It
makes me laugh to see Ricky Edi
trying to imitate a Latin accent but it
's what I'm telling you or rather of them here
why For delo if he
can Why delo if he can
the concert in Barcelona has been
incredible kids kids that s
but if it is that it is like that but yes everything
look but s that it is simply the
behavior of The Followers and the
things they
write Daniel Jos entering the profile of
my followers to show you about them is
quite pathetic especially
considering that if we enter the profile of
yours we can check that they are all like that how they
are places how they are not to
put it on the screen how they are what it
shows
there Ricky's followers let's
see Ricky's followers
are little kids
Ricky's followers think that Ricky put a
restraining order and now it's an
approach order
okay Oh Ricky has managed to
find a kid I'm not going to put the
photo that yes he will be 14 15 years old among
all the followers hbre of course and
surely some of them also follow me
but in general it's not
my audience let's go and the one in Dallas is not
generally it
's not Ricky's they are little kids
little kids and with some
exceptions you find some girl
like the one the other day who showed you a
screenshot on the screen excuse
the redundancy and I didn't know how to
interpret it the majority of my audience
and in Dallas are older mine
older than those in Dallas because I
also have a lot of
gentlemen a lot of Roco
Carrasco's audience Antonio David I have a lot of
audience with Jid's I have a lot of
audience with Daniel
Sancho's the gossip of the youtubers I
treat it differently it's another
audience  yes it's true that there is some There is some
That
e Ja but don't you know that Dalas
has a restraining order for
October 5th Oh sincerely without
joking Ricky already knows about the subject Talk In
my opinion he may have slipped But you
having the experience that you already have on
this network do you think that Ricky can give
Dallas a fight in the debate if it's one
vs one clear or rather to get points
where he is right let's
see I have debated with Ricky twice and
Ricky's attitude when debating is he doesn't
answer you when he can't answer you and he
tells you Haha grandpa hearing aid your age
Haha you are a family man you are
here arguing with me about that at 12 at
night I mean and I'm not debating about
things that
are imagine Dallas is going to bring things up
about his life man Because potato we are
talking about Ricky interpreting we are
talking about Ricky interpreting that
the confidentiality agreement
being confidential you cannot
tell your lawyer because your lawyer is
a
third party I personally think he is going to
look
ridiculous I think we are going to
laugh your head off all over D Maybe but it
's true that Ricky
But I just don't understand what they
're saying that he's giving the new
sly grandpa How could you drop a
bombshell when I was at the movies, it seems
disrespectful to me, greetings and a hug
what YouTube has is that you can
watch it whenever you want so you're already
going back to the beginning and you can see it
okay mm a kiss I
never came across a fandom as young as
Ricky's they're children yesterday yesterday I
really liked the description that Dallas made
about the fandom because they're kids children
okay some very young and others at the
beginning of puberty and all that stuff where they
think that following Ricky
they're crazy I don't know what you
know are Oh look you know
sexist comments like for the [ __ ] face and he tells you
and you think it's one that is based
comments against Latinos the
Latinos themselves letting themselves be humiliated
because well it's that we don't take it with
humor we don't care at all You know maybe they are
very but apart from that yes it is like that you just have to
see all the photos of all the
events of all the
concerts if it is  what not to say Well then
that photo you can have a photo in which
Hey a group from school stops you and
asks for a photo imagine it can happen to
me a kid asks me for a photo man a
long time ago
Shooter's mother came to me Because Shooter's brother
Shooter was a very
powerful youtuber at the time he was a pool boy I
called him and apparently The kid who would
have Maybe about 15 years old was a
super
fan you know and he was a follower of mine
kid and they came to see me they
came to see me and I said of
course see you we had dinner I don't know what it's been
many years since I saw her I don't know
if they will continue seeing me I send you a kiss
Juan mesa a kiss you can have someone you
can have someone who follows you
obviously Hey because he likes him
because the kid likes you a lot
because the kid is smarter
I know a thousand things I think that
really Ricky's fans will say that
Ricky won the allies maybe the
Dallas fans will say that Dallas won and everything will
end in a debate  epic but there it
is, it won't change anything, fandom somewhat toxic
in both bands but very faithful to its
Creator I hope these bits are useful to you
well Thank you very much for the bits. I do
think something similar to what you have
said in the sense that
already, already, in the sense that it will not
matter, eh, I mean, it will absolutely not
matter what happens in the debate. Well, if it
has happened to me, it's funny that
Ricky's fans think they are intelligent and they
think that they will not agree with Dallas
or AZ but they proceed to respond just
like Ricky's kids respond but it does not matter
if they are already predisposed to the
result it does not matter look at the debate
with me and then outside of it also, it's that there are no
channels right now
that there are no channels right now that
analyze things also to give us
some points to us, imagine not
for example in the two debates that
I did they started to search
eh Well, it's that this click is that the
lawyer has escaped this when it
was a lie okay And when in the entire
debate Ricky said tremendous nonsense,
tremendous nonsense  Ricky said you
lost he made you ratio no no but Of course
apart from the fact that it's going to be the same with his
audience neither that there are channels that
say host Look at what
Ricky said Look at what Ricky
said Ricky said that you ca
n't tell your lawyer what
the contract says because of course since it's
confidential he can't tell him
lawyer man what a load of nonsense
man in the second debate Ricky
told me to my face that I had lied about
that man Ricky told me to my [ __ ] face at the
beginning of the debate that I had
lied you filthy you filthy me and I
told him but well why are you making up that
we ended the live abruptly
because Dallas sent me a WhatsApp For you
filthy you filthy me and it doesn't matter from the
first debate they grabbed onto the idea of not commenting on
the
debate I think they took out cli from the first
debate with Ricky what did they take out
of the first debate apart from the
lawyer thing that about what the debate itself is they
took out
like I had said that I didn't know
anything about the contracts And that translates
into me lying  because yes, it is known about
the contracts, that's how we're going to see what
I say to Ricky at a time when you
're arguing live, he
's talking to me about some contracts that
I don't know what those contracts said, I do
know about the contracts. Of course I know about
the contracts, they've been talking about since
2017, but if there are videos of me about the
contracts, what I don't know is that contract or
what contracts there are today and what there won't
be. And if the contract that Ricky is telling me
exists or doesn't exist, well, of course I do
n't know about the contracts. Well, of course I
'm telling you, yes, they seem like
completely normal and
logical contracts, and thank goodness he does it, and thank goodness you
understand me without further ado, what the hell do you
want with the contracts? Where is the
shady part? But from there to take out That it is that,
well, and from the second debate, I think
nothing was said,
eh, from
the second debate, I think nobody said anything, eh Because the second
debate was already [ __ ] awesome, the second debate,
the guy grabbed me and told me that he went to the
police station to report some slander and
from the slander came the order of
distance and that the problem he had
with the contracts was if you later
wanted to get out of the contracts you couldn't like u of
course the problem you have with
the contracts is that the girls are already
telling it everywhere the girls the
girls or whoever the [ __ ] it is that's why I
tell you that it doesn't matter, I mean
we are going to laugh our heads off the
people who have hair on their
heads well they are going to
laugh their heads off with Dallas the moment
that delox has fought with Dallas
no one says anything to delos the other day delos
manipulated some conversations and their
manual conversations about salsa they kept quiet
like
caprimint host tomorrow Okay tomorrow I'll tell you
something tomorrow I'll tell you
something and I don't say anything to
delo anymore delo is not told anything and many
channels even deleted the videos
about delo And before they were even taken into
account the SS connection these the
putting together the mini was totally because of a
Dallas contract Well let's see what
Dalas has said about the debate
that this is already another tract okay place
let's see what has
said if ad delo they have it fried Javi
Well I never find videos
against ADO or anyone highlighting
delox's things uncle delos made a thread
manipulating the
conversations
dude I mean he published a thread not that you
have an opinion and you argue with
another and the other has another opinion no no no he did not
publish the thread knowing that
the cures were manipulated I mean he
published a thread giving Assuming
that people are [ __ ] and that's it that he was
going to
deceive them you understand I mean for me I don't care
eh I mean
me but what I'm referring to is what I
'm answering it's not that
to me I don't care what anyone thinks
everyone is free it's like what we
were talking about yesterday about utbh he has
his opinion about cocu I have mine
he has his opinion about Dallas I have mine
and I don't care that's it you know I
understand that also each of us is
more biased also because of how you like one how you like
the other That's how it is it's
not a problem but it's answering a
little to your question of  if which of the
two is going to give it to the other, okay, delox
paid them all, he solves everything with dainer
Yeah man tangiro I don't believe that, I don't
believe
that, in response to that of what's going to
happen in the debate, it doesn't matter, it doesn't
matter, my answer is, it doesn't matter,
okay, Sonia Well now
Lu will surely let me know if something happens, my answer is, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter what I
say
But if Ricky has already done it to
me in the debates, he has said
terrible things to me in the debates, it doesn't
matter but yes, but Ricky and delox, dude,
delox, with me in the debate made up that you
threatened me, I don't know why
people tell me not to look at you if I
see you What happens is that I see you very little Only
when you comment on things about my friends And
such But otherwise You seem quite
bucha to me Who are you, who are you, who are you
when you comment on things about
my friends Who was
Who was family, no, I haven't seen
the name,
[ __ ] Who was the [ __ ]
juanma And who is his friend Who is your
friend juanma
juanma  Who is your
friend
juanma I don't recognize juanma right now
nobody
juanma ignore him No man [ __ ] [ __ ]
maybe someone we know
Well let's see what
Dalas commented about the face-to-face
debate they manipulate you what I
said I'm a Random from Twitch Hahaha I'm not even
known but I'm friends with toble for
example But nothing I'm not
known at all hahaha I'm a real V Uy
tobalin eh it's been 1000 years since I knew I didn't know
anything about tovaln I think in the end I
ended up well with tobalin it's not like I
criticized him and all that I don't remember
but I remember that tobalin sent me a
message I'm going there to the civil guard to
report you I'm talking about the year 2017
maybe eh And in the end I think I ended up well
with
him you say with clips or tabchin if they mess
with you I get angry crying loud crying loud they
always do that
but they do it all the time I mean people that I have
literally destroyed
destroyed in absolutely
huge ways in the damn debates
people  that has really sunk and
humiliated itself but not being able to eh Still they
manage to grab a little piece of
something and say look Dallas I don't know what And
then people who didn't even continue the
debate saying Dallas lost
basically because they are Wishing that whatever they do whatever they
say will look bad That
's exactly the same as I don't know eh I saw
Not long ago a lot of
[ __ ] failures saying things like
all the projects that failed in
Dallas it's
like I mean even the things that haven't
turned out as well as they could have
because There are definitely things that
could have turned out better eh everything is a
learning process and you don't do one thing and that
one thing triumphs and comes out ahead the
basis is to continue developing
continue doing continue improving
eh But that's FR they don't understand
because they are basically garbage they are
scum without any kind of trade or
benefit other than starting to talk and
of course talking is very easy what is
most difficult is when you try
when you start ait a kiss a
kiss Thank you very much for trying to create
something of your own but what is criticizing that
is very easy
mua yes
do October 4th which  is your opinion that I
accept now there is nothing
established I said that as of the 4th I
never said it was the cu as of the
cu but now it's not like there hasn't been
anything else so I won't tell you and don't
call me that I mean how disgusting
sincerely What did he
call it The Debate is going to be on
October 4th is your opinion that I accept
now there is nothing established four I
never said it was the fourth I said as of
the fourth but now it's not like there hasn't
been anything else look at what
came out the most here and I think that
people also have to understand that not
everyone is in a privileged position
like Dallas may have because
Dallas has suffered a lot I think no one has
suffered in the Spanish-
speaking community as much as he has but
today then I can't tell you and no Ah Dani
s I mean how disgusting sincerely e Ho
when people take these privileges
of taking me and calling me by the other
name it's that the
inom doesn't make any
sense I love you very much Thank you for masses
but if he changed his name what's the point of
calling him by the other name Yeah
a person changes their name because they
don't
like it opened Stream gamepl Mikel we are
pending we are pending but he
is not talking about the subject right now no
enter Luci Thanks for the
tip let's see it looks like they have
changed the plan eh Because as far as
I understand And they are going to do
a live the two of them sitting down and
communicating
the Ah yes Ah okay well I don't know not
from the cu Ricky said the four
then and Well let's say that it was accepted
but with that answer Maybe it
is not the
4% but we have to wait for either he accepts the
date Dallas or they reach a point Dallas
and
Ricky of course the date the I mean the
date has set it he said come on yeah
for
four and it was left there but let's go the debate is going to be
done I think dasas what he said I mean I have I would have to I mean
confirmed it Dallas the 4 of course Ricky answered
the for four then
wait I
simply do not understand these confidences
of [ __ ] and but let's go that it is going to be eh it is going to be eh it
is going to be for a man that I don't
even use and it is not that I mean
people use it as if to try to
bother me many times I do not think there is
been
intention but it's not that it bothers me it
's just uh I mean I don't even think it's an
ugly name they just use it
to try to bother me it's the intention
not the intentionality behind it but
that and I never said that it was four I said
that from the fourth it was
available already that not spoken about anything else a
moment but well it's going to be a
massive destruction that's going to be It's going to be
fun it's going to be very fun
really I mean the clown is going to be they're
going to label him as part of the Circus Sorry I wasn't
aware that it bothered you later
Dallas says that he hadn't seen that the other one
said then that the fourth that he would
review it
is that it doesn't make sense let's see I ca
n't tell you one thing Okay It's that I can't say one thing Okay
but let's see the debate is going to happen Okay but
of course the other one made by four
Well take it you know wait not until they
called you that and around October 4th he
responded to you on Twitter saying that he
was ready the fourth
too well I didn't see it the truth I didn't see it
so I have no idea they're already
telling me that Ari is acting
surprised for having viewers as if it wasn't
happening
nothing Let's see, I don't rule out that I'll just take it and
ignore the issue as if to try to
deny the news but come on, it doesn't matter
eh, I mean, it doesn't matter the news is
Okay, let's see then why hadn't I
seen it until now is that
honestly I don't spend enough
time watching and reading garbage that
these people comment on it's true that
sometimes I think the same I should I should
modify this because I should spend
more time watching this garbage
but I'm really lazy Hey man how
how do you do this This is not cool dude I mean if
we had the chat here
imagine in the here imagine the chat
here bigger here [ __ ] here the chat and
and I know and it gets a little behind me it wouldn't
be cool but I have no [ __ ] idea
like you can't do
that much many times when I don't respond it
's because I haven't seen it literally
So since I haven't seen it I have
nothing to respond because no I haven't
seen it absolutely nothing nothing nothing nor
Leo Ah that it's a chroma But what is a
chroma nor do I watch videos of anything the haters I
mean it's that I don't care what  say
why I never see them I've never
seen them but what a part a chroma
is that I take everything ideal eem But
on the other hand they think that I am
seeing it all the time or that I am
looking at it all the time having multiple accounts
and more than anything they say that they do it
but if I was sitting in front of him
on the couch
no they have multiple accounts they buy
likes for their publications So they
think that I am the same as them and that is why they
are with him with this thing
always accusing me of that because really
that is what they do then it
is true man it is very pathetic what they
do but effectively they do it and it is
more than obvious and proven for example
the garbage that the ruk put of putting
This was very funny that he put at the end
of everything of the
conditions Ah Damn he cut me off
there okay let's see what
Dalas said about the
divorce let's see let's take a look
at what Ari is saying and let's see what
Dallas said about the
divorce okay eh Let's see I do not
rule out Ari and Juan doing it today Look
Juan He is opening
now
Chatting people always say it is
what's up playing work while
real life Remember when there was no day and you
had to type to search now
you only have or when the sunset light
lasted very little when your phone's assistant
couldn't be Make a list of
the boys because they're
stealing from you Koreans sister Of course ar is
acting as if nothing were wrong let's see I don't
rule out ruus friends really want to play
fortnite because Rubius's skin is or
rather maybe they're doing
like trying to hide it But I
don't understand why I mean I don't
understand why I do
n't understand why it's enough that you
gave the news To act like Swedes
Yes but why give it in
a week two weeks three
cu I don't understand why I don't understand
what sense it
would make But well I don't know about the subject
but I ask the question the option that it
is marketing to increase numbers by
launching false information is 100% impossible no yes no it
's
false in the case that they don't say it
today in the way that it has
reached me it is not a
lie they have deleted the well from the
divorce document no no it's
false  No no it's not false it's not
false it's true what luar says he says
maybe they're waiting for you to close
and give it
later it could also be that they're
waiting for me sir to give it later it
could
be I don't know although they wait a few days
to try to make sure that
the news is not confirmed today but the thing is that I see it as
pointless because it's that Then what are you going to
take and and and then he's going to give it in
a month two months I don't know it's absurd to
contradict me Well then that's it well
look if what they have dreamed is
true I don't know I don't
know what sense it
is true it is eh the subject of
Juan how strong eh they are going to get divorced
literally After so much time
finally the prophecy is fulfilled and they
end up getting divorced apparently they have
been hiding for a long
time but a long time let's see I've
seen people who do things to
contradict Dallas completely eh
be Ricky didn't want to talk to his girlfriend
and suddenly he took her to Andorra do you
remember but that you have a lawsuit
and
suddenly you reconcile  with your partner it
would be the best not to
say that it's true I don't
think so Of
course let's see I could see but that
could happen for a week or
so and another couple gets together The power of S
Hey listen to me maybe we have and we
get together a couple eh or whatever your issue is that they're
doing that so that they put the
community notes on me like that I'm laughing my ass off
eh but apart from that no man no that
more people know the
news that more people know the news that no I do see it
possible that they don't say it today eh seeing the
panorama I see it as stupidity but I do
see it possible but that more people know the news
besides and also there are people who are not
time trolls and it turns out that they have
started to enter for a long
time eh hiding for a long
time and they end up getting divorced
apparently they have been eh hiding for
a long time
and but a long long time and it
turns out that eh they have started to
find out because of course the arif and the
Gameplays eh has been dedicated
to releasing it to third parties and
third parties  they discount other
third parties and then in the end pom pom pom
pom in the end it ends up arriving it ends up
arriving the reasons for the breakup Yes that
apparently Lari is telling
things to third parties to such an extent that they have
said the date that they were
supposedly going to do it the date is today now they will
do it today I don't know because it has already
spread then no Only I
know it and many more people know because as
soon as it reaches a certain circle of people
it begins to spread that's
crazy well let's see many many many
people Thank you very much Hey but
Ricky's fans Uy Ricky's fans
Juan's fans guan niso if this marriage is
reunited at least they should thank me
no at least they should thank me
no So it seems the reasons behind
that is basically that
Laari wants Living La Vida
Crazy is essentially what she wants and
Juan well I suppose also because at the
end of the day Juan benefited from the
other ugly this very bad person and I say
ugly not because of her appearance but because of how
bad a person she is the other thing too
but well anyway Why does D say that
the esp is very bad  person what has
the esp done I mean I know that she left a
hate comment at a time that I
obviously don't agree with but how do you
think she's a bad person I don't know I
met her I thought she seemed nice well let's
see I don't know her story I don't know her
thing she's a very very very evil that chick
eh But well the you know the typical the
typical cazador parneo truth never ever
ever and I have
told this to all the acquaintances that I have
never ever ever should you trust
a lady and I say lady because
usually they are the ladies who have
the capacity Javi my relationship is about to
end Make me a video a video a
kiss
Giorgio do this because usually
men do not have the capacity to
sleep with several famous influencers
Maybe they would do it too well there are
some no let's see Juan would be
Ari's boyfriend it happens that it's true that Juan
in this story is the submissive let's say they don't
have the capacity to do it that is
important they do not have the capacity to
do it and therefore they do not do it Not
because they did not want to because they cannot it is
true it is that women do  they can and there
are many chicks who are made to
hunt and be crazy so
you went out with
a famous youtuber or famous streamer
Okay coincidence two it's not a coincidence I
think that was basically all
Maybe they delay it because I feel like there's
so much gossip that maybe they
say just to screw it over we delay it And
such But they've been wrong for a long time eh But
I see it as a joke I mean it looks like they're
going to do that
eh I mean it looks like Hey I've
raised Juan's numbers damn he's been
weak lately I've raised his
numbers but t I'm joking Well it's not a
joke really it's not a joke let's see It's a
joke but I'm saying it Damn
but it's true damn let's
see with Sept x Gan In the split You're welcome
first I'll say Dallas doesn't get along with
anyone in the world or how few they are all
bad Well the subject my opinion Juan and
Ari won't say anything I will donate to them asking
and they will say there guys don't listen to things from
third parties and they won't say anything for weeks and
then make a video like
and yes grandpa you know it's something curious
Technically, since Juan is Colombian,
Ari will apply a yuye to the cognis
that his cas And practically leave him on
the street, true, in Mexico, foreigners
cannot own property either. No
man, I mean, I think they have a lot, I
think in that sense, I think they are people
with a lot of economic power, they
both have a lot of money and I think that
fighting over money, I don't think that's the
case, each one will share the
things they have in
common well. I sincerely don't think it would be.
How much are they going to fight over, do you
understand me, people that I don't know, I don't
know for sure. Who is more Juan r for nor
more ruk behaved Worse, greetings Dalas and I hope
you do well. I think that what
ruk has is that in addition to cuk, he is evil
as hell, I mean, what he did,
nobody does in his judgment, you make a
sick person like him, I mean, in what
head does he put the cuos on you? And you say now
publicly you are going to make everything public
to compensate my honor that you have
betrayed, I mean, it's absurd, really
absurd, that is another symbol of
Ricky's insecurity  Do you remember that I
mentioned it before
Ricky is so insecure and has
such low self-esteem that not only did he go
ahead with the rape thing
that occurred to him okay but
also he needed the other woman to
humiliate herself enough to feel the punishment
for having done that to him that was like that
eh that was like that And that is a thing of
insecurity that he has he is a loser
eh To surpass Juan in quads is
very difficult because sleeping not with
a Random but with gref is crazy eh he is
very crazy with gref and then coming back and having
you eat her and marrying her
I don't see anything wrong with forgiving infidelity
because that is each one's decision what's
Javi what's up have a croquette
Kaiser you spent money on
that this Javi every time he gets older he
gets more handsome Damn man you have ruined
the deal for the front man well Cool Kaiser
Thanks Hey by the way it would be cool it
would be cool eh if each one gave away a
member and we reached 6000 in this
Uy yeah  the 6000 members in this
live I'm not saying that you're all like
mu chill
no one member each and in 5
minutes boom 6000 members we post the
tweet and we're the best we don't take out our
dicks
no Let's see let's
see
I don't see anything wrong with forgiving infidelity
because you have to see the context of the
moment that the couple had at that
moment there are 1 things and that is
each person's decision okay You are nobody none of us
are nobody to reproach
a person if look whether he has given away 20 he
has taken your job from 20 Thank you very much
whether he is very handsome or
ole you can forgive infidelity Look a
thousand things can happen
imagine Maybe he caught a
moment in which you
are half broken or you are bad like
broken because a bad vibe happened a thousand
things who knows tesa a
kiss confusions youth who knows a thousand
things
Then I think I would not forgive him
Okay but I can't judge
someone who forgives him because Look hey maybe
they forgave her we're
talking about how long ago
7 years 6 7 years and maybe he has
forgiven her and 7 years have passed more time
than they have been together more than half
of the time they have been together
and and it has and nothing has happened again and
she has not failed him again the problem is
not that you forgive the infidelity The
problem is that then you start
collaborating with the guy
your partner has slept with and you start
joking with him breaking the
Minecraft house to have your wife work at the
event as a presenter that's the
thing do you understand me or rather listen to me that's
private life you can't get involved
in how a couple handles things
because every couple has a story
So as such we can judge that
infidelity is forgiven maybe at one point
in life you don't forgive him but maybe
in another context Well look it's not that
bad Sid once I also
[ __ ] once at the beginning I know a
thousand things the problem is not the issue of
having forgiven her and that it was with
a youtuber that with a  youtuber is much
more humiliating because everyone
knows it and it's someone you
meet and such the problem is that you
like the problem is that your wife is
the presenter of the eslan
balls That's where I see the
problem I no I have not faced him
Never that I forgive or I mean that is
a very
personal thing does not have the Rings Ari in the
Stream that well if I am telling you
that my news is
true the problem is not that you forgive
or do not forgive an infidelity the
problem is everything that comes after one thing
is that you have a cordiality with the
note eh because imagine well They are
colleagues at work You have to
cross paths with him in many places well the
fault is your wife's no
he is
worth one thing is a cordiality And an
education and another thing is You know I do
not see myself being able to I could not be in
a place and and a hug and you know what I am
telling you [ __ ] that for for fame and for
being in the elite and for being in the
Guay group I could not
[ __ ] Juan just like Ar and he is telling me
Lares Yo  I always said that one expresses in
Pokemon in 3 hours I also think that I
should have trusted that it's not to throw
[ __ ] at my good Dead But he told me
that the event was 2 hours a
day
well well it doesn't look like that it looks like
that waiting for it to close okay but they're
going to wait days weeks go know
when to
say it is crazy it is crazy the
most absurd things that you can live in my
opinion it is true it is too too
absurd he collected his karmic debt eh
with it is very absurd because it is very
absurd because [ __ ] because it is
nonsense [ __ ] the news has already come out it has been
leaked take it off
But well I'm telling you to do what you
want I'm also telling you something of his
not another ridiculous one with the one with the one with the
roll this one was
saying something also about the hunting
partners that I did not finish commenting And
the thing with the hunting partners is
that
eh that she went out with a famous guy
Okay it's a coincidence But when you go out
with two it's not a coincidence the the ones you have
been looking for
specifically it could
be but also I think it could be that
if you end up moving  in a
streamer environment you trust more in hooking up with
a streamer or a streamer than with
someone Random who could be
approaching you to take advantage of it
thank you very much a kiss a kiss
Thank you very much Let's applaud the whole
chat for our seba who has
given us another 10 my arms how long have we had
Oh how long have we been
live so far
59 59 we're approaching
5700 family I mean we're talking
300 and some odd ones missing dude for 6000
eh I think the same as you on that let's see
I think it's quite common
for a
person who is always looking for the
famous one it's not too much of a coincidence
that they're always with one famous person then with
another then with another okay but I also
think it could be a coincidence that
you're with a youtuber and then you
're with another because in the end it's
in the world in which you move I don't
think that I don't think arjit is a
house
Partner honestly it
was a coincidence that he was with a
youtuber and then you're  I see you like an angel
Cupid, the one who
georgio a kiss
celator I think it's simply the
environment in which you
move, who else, for example, could it be?
Who do you think is another example who has
been with several streamers and is not a
house Partner,
another tournament d, a kiss, Tomeo, Tomeo
Sorry, Tomeo, applause, Tomeo Thank you very much,
brutal man,
who do you think could be another example
who has been with several streamers and did
not get a
parner, let's see that there are
few, let's see what it is? Of course, they are not, they are not, I
mean, the
moment the examples that you
are
giving me, Caeli, I don't know about
Caeli's stuff, I am not up to date, the
Marta
Daz stuff, Marta is like this, like in
another world, no, I mean, it's not
our thing,
no, Javi
Oliveira, so the chicks who have
gone out with two or more famous people, you
already know where they are going to go, at
least I know, I don't know, it's like others don't
know, at least it's very clear to me
if a chick was with a
famous person, Okay, coincidence, if she was with
two, she was looking for it conscientiously  the
behaviors of this kind of
people always end up exploding
somewhere he's also with a
fitness streamer after cheating on Ari
and Sofia fitne was with several
streamers what I said always applies I haven't
met a single good person who has
been with several famous people there are 8
billion people in the world if you
coincide that he is with several famous people I
was going to look for him and that already says a lot about what
if auron was unfaithful what
awaits
me thread with an alleged infidelity of
gemita to another person But not even the account
that makes the thread believes it pu Then
no Then why are we going to put it and
this for noti we are going to leave now we are not going to
we are going to leave let's go let's let it
flow not love no let's see if maybe
we leaving which is not
bad we have been live for two hours maybe when we
leave
love will flow what a dog only 2 hours damn two
hours Here and another two on the other side
before seeing Ari and Juan's thing let's
also look at couples stuff since
today they are happening  too many
things and after the sale of I
think
not I think not I think not and
let's see if it's the biggest smoke sellout
or
not I think not I think not I think it's not a
smoke sellout eh I
put
my put my hand in the
fire people amimir amimir family tomorrow
will be another day there's a powerful video
tomorrow on the main channel eh There's a
powerful video and I hope that I hope
that video meets my expectations
because it's been a good one while I was
working you seem like a good sir a pleasure and
thank you chat very dear and the bits
for some drinks in a bar give So
enjoy thank you very much thank you listen
starting tomorrow Well not tomorrow
exactly the next few days because
the nutritionist told me not to
stop if I'm drinking those
drinks that obviously we have to
stop but that it doesn't
create an abstinence because it's
true that I have a vice eh I
mean the only vice that I have I don't smoke I don't
drink and I have a vice with these drinks I
mean I have two a day one of
these and in the morning a Red Bull  but
as a plan, I mean, getting up and
not drinking the Red
Bull, I don't drink it. Getting up, I don't
drink it when I get up, I'll drink it
later, but he told me that for now
if I can save
one of the two, okay? And for the other one to be
sugar-free, okay, for now and there we go,
but tomorrow I'm starting my
new diet, eh, let's go for it eh, let's go for it and
transform ourselves family Javi, have you
tried replacing it with coffee Wilfredo, it's that I
drink coffee too, it's like I'm going to have
a
heart attack, I mean, what I think is going to
happen is that I'm going to be very
tired constantly and very weak all
day. You know, I'm going to be very weak
all day, I'm going to be. Of course, because
I'm used to so much caffeine,
suddenly cutting it out can't be all at
once, I mean, I think what I have to
do tomorrow is drink the coffee and
stop drinking it in the morning and then at
night, eh, I think instead of the Monster,
drink a sugar-free Red Bull.
Maybe I'll try the next day to try to
do less each day, but cutting it out all
at once, I don't think
so either.  suddenly I think it's not a
good idea either eh You're right, I thought he was going to
tell me for the healthy ones
tomorrow no but I think not and then the
food issue, well it's a diet
in which well as I did the other
time I'm going to feel very good, I'm going to be, I'm going to be
very good, I'm going to be very
good Let's eliminate fat, we're going to
eliminate fat and we're going
to Hey, how can you see, let's see, I'm going to
try to see one thing, let's
eliminate fat and gain muscle to the max,
okay,
you've quit smoking Javi, that's
nonsense, this is nonsense Yes, man, of course
not, I'm going to quit. It's obvious,
apart from that, I'm going to do what I have to
do to eh be in our
physical Prime, okay, but yes, it's true that let's
see a moment, let's do something,
but yes, it's true
that tobacco was something that
I felt like quitting, I mean, I didn't
feel like smoking, the truth is, I didn't feel like it, it tastes
bad, it left me more car jot
you know, it left you like more, I didn't feel like it,
the
truth is that it doesn't let me put the
real counter, man, I mean, I wanted to put you here
the counter because we're at
700 and something to reach
600,000 we're at 700 and something to reach
600,000 and
and well we'll arrive tomorrow we'll arrive tomorrow We'll
arrive tomorrow there's no
hurry there's no need to force the machinery
okay Javi go drink some tea that
tea It's not that I like tea the truth
apart from that you don't have to remove just that
eh I mean you have to remove it's that let's see I
don't eat without soda that's another
problem that's already an Obsession because the
vice the energy drinks has been
like already recently okay
[Music]
But hey fita suck my dick no more It's
true that I'm seeing you spamming
this man and you're giving me things girl fita
Okay I'm not going to put you on screen fita
Go [ __ ] yourself you've called me a dog
four times I haven't handled you but
shut the [ __ ] up I've already looked at you
what do you want me to say really fita
tell me and I'll read you and I'll say what I
read with day 4 What do you want me to tell you about the
day  quat I've said 28 times here that
the debate is going to
get heavy
dude Quillo Go to a channel that says what
you like if there are channels that say that no matter what
happens
eh that mate gives you a lot of energy no no I
drink like soda I have to drink
carbonated water to eat and that has told me that
obviously
that obviously it has to be had to be
stopped also eating with
water it's going to seem very strange to me eating with
water dude it makes me feel disgusted
eating with water you feel like because
I need to feel like I'm drinking a
carbonated drink and I finish eating you
know but yeah yeah I'll try
[Music]
tomorrow I'll try tomorrow like an aquarium or
things like that non-carbonated aquarium drinks
like that you know but well we're going to give it a go
eh we're going to give it a go eh we're going to give it a go
alright
eh we're going to give it a
go family what I said I don't know what time
the video on the main channel will be tomorrow
no no but we're going to give it a go
But also Look at the other time the other
diet is that I ended up leaving it
because I didn't like the training that
that trainer was doing and then I
ended  leaving everything and now Well
when did I start again I've been training for almost 5
months
No, I've been training for like 5 months now, eh, I
mean, I've gotten used to training, it's [ __ ] great,
every time I gain weight, the
schedule has already been fixed man, today is the
day we're leaving later and
now I'm going to sleep in tomorrow It's
not tomorrow It's that I don't have a gym
because the trainer has to get a tattoo
but tomorrow tomorrow I don't have to get
up at 9, I have to get up at
10 because I have to go with the dog to
give him a vaccine so it's [ __ ]
great I'm going to go to bed I'm going to sleep 8
hours what I have to sleep 8 hours
flam drink a lot of water during the day
eh the schedule we have already fixed eh
practically eh the schedule is super
fixed you sharpin a kiss the same thing happened to me
and I have crom too and I replaced
the energizers with red tea and it changed my
life Try it, T is not something that
calls me, eh but come on Yes, something like that,
something like that
Also, that's for the chrom is that
the  chrom I'm usually
fine I'm usually pretty
good CR it's just that I get an
outbreak when I have a problem that's
why I try to avoid problems Mikel
a
kiss aside because I sweat a lot already the
dick almost everything is worth it unless I'm
nervous because I have a trip
or something. I mean it doesn't have to be a problem
it could be nerves about something that I
like I mean it could be a trip that I'm
excited about as you see when I went to
Thailand I got a
bit of an outbreak but a little okay but normally
the cron I'm usually very well Unless I
have a worry or a problem
Imagine me if I'm worried that I might have
a fight with someone like that that's
affecting me normally I'm usually fine
but that's why I avoid it Hi I just arrived
summary of what happened Fabricio that nobody
has wanted to donate the 300 or so
members that we need to reach
6000 Fabricio that's been the problem
in short today the kids didn't want us to
reach 6000
members Yeah that's why I
avoid unnecessary discussions and
unnecessary problems and and  live more
chill you
know even though sometimes
they make it complicated for me
eh but if on its own I usually feel good
already being on a diet like this rich in
everything I'm going to feel like a bull
eh but I have a lot of fat eh Although it may not
seem like it eh almost 20% told me
eh almost 20% told me eh if you
notice around here I have too much belly I have too
much belly let's see a
lot you know I have too much belly I have too
much I have too much tummy we're going to give it a go
eh we're going to give it a go Ari is feeling nauseous today
in the end no no Today they're going to do without it
looks like it already
eh the 12th By Daro yes over there he told me yes
over there he told me
HM but we're going to give it I don't know how
long it will take to see results like
wow but I think that between now and
winter we'll start noticing something No if
everything is done
right in 3 months
more time we'll see obviously in the summer I
understand that yes next summer
is our Prime eh turning 40
with the  midlife crisis like
Dross did but I think that obviously
for the summer Yes of course obviously it would be a would be
a failure if not
eh if we don't do it It's that we have
failed and I gave up before
but I think that for winter I do have
very good genetics the girl told me so
well people what I said okay tomorrow
what do we have tomorrow
I'm going to try Yes or yes tomorrow man do
telesalseo newscast
[Music]
eh I'm going to try Yes or yes do
telesalseo newscast
Ari is live and you can see another
Setup I don't think you can see another
Setup it's not the
same it's the same Setup eh And they've
started playing at being like nothing
eh Yes I think that these people already with the
fact that the topic has gone viral today
the bomb
eh they are going to extend it a lot Well a lot I don't
know if a lot but that they are going to they are not going to
give it today as for you know but I see it as
completely stupid I see it as complete
nonsense
Eh yes yes I'm sure they are going to do that it
's clear but I see it as
complete nonsense
because And what  go on, you're going to do it, you're going to
say it another day, in a month, in
a week, in two months, it doesn't
matter if even the divorce petition was leaked,
thanks to you, sir. Thank you very much,
everyone,
and then Loli Huerta, I think at
8:30, will also explain what I have no
idea about, about the complaint, about the complaint, about this one, about the
other one, about alne, about Francisco Javier
Oliveira, about I don't know what, I don't know how much, me doing
my thing, doing my thing, bye bye, I rebel.
How do you wash your hands, eh,
tesa,
ol, host, and
this,
ol, says inai, from what I see, that famous
divorce document between Juan and Ari. It
seems to be fake and since I can't confirm
its reliability, I prefer to delete the tweet.
Sorry for the inconvenience. Let's see, they deleted the
tweet that I
retu for quenita for it. They deleted the
TT. They deleted the
twit. And why would they
delete it, be it why?
Why would they
delete? Why would they delete a tweet
because it was false because it was false
because it was false or because of
threats of being sued
for the data, what data?  names and
surnames the names and surnames They
know
not Juan's at least
100% because it says State of
Monterrey and this is not a state it's a
municipality Let's
see let's see
this It seems really crazy to me that they had
started doing
that let's see Electra eh I just spoke with a Mexican friend crazy crazy crazy there are 4500 people on Twitter apart from the 4 or 5000 that are here have you smoked a joint let's go have you smoked a joint imo if there are 4500 people on Twitter 4000 and something
here we have been more than or rather and what
are you telling me that no we don't reach
600000 now in the main channel you
are messing with me you are messing with me are you
not telling me that the 8000 9000
people that are here right now can't
take all the
multi-accounts subscribe to the jav
oliveira Channel that tomorrow I am going to upload a video
that is going to break your
ass the state of Nuevo Len
mm in the document there is a photo that  it
appears on Google
images, [ __ ], but it's really
well done, eh Let's
see. Look, here we really would need an
expert in images,
eh, played by the civil cantiles and
family members, [ __ ]. He's seriously at the
top of
this 8
am
Well, if an expert says so, I won't be the
one to fight this, but I
see it as very well done, man,
very, very well done,
eh. Look,
imagine.
Imagine that they took a lawsuit and they
changed the names, for example,
no, yes, but the State of
Monterrey in the State of Monterrey,
Nuevo Len, I mean, that's a mistake, right?
Well, let's let the days go by, what can I tell
you? It's Ari who's asking for a divorce,
eh, it's Ari who's asking for a divorce.
Anyway, I mean, if this isn't the
lawsuit, there's another one, the same one, but without mistakes, you
understand, we'll see, people, we're leaving. Okay,
we're leaving, guys. Thank you very much to
all of you who have accompanied us this
afternoon, don't forget to unsubscribe,
according to those of you on Twitter, hit the
follow button.
Okay, what is this that Tommy is publishing?
Wait, man, no  stop coming out
things this What is
Tom saying has nothing to do with the subject
no nothing damn
Bolivia okay guys anything
Tomorrow we'll talk
Okay anything tomorrow
we'll talk get some rest okay guys what I
said okay tomorrow yes or
yes if they made a mistake drafting the
acquittal of Dalas badly the one with the
naked torso they can make a mistake in that
nonsense about the order of state and city it's that it
has squared for me because of the
sense that look I'll read you a message
okay yes to me I have squared but come on it's what I'm
telling you yeah Well if it's
false yes there's an expert who says it's
false Well but
what
happened
look I'll read you a message Okay and I'm
going now eh
Ari was the one who filed for divorce from
Juan it was not by mutual agreement This is what they
told me therefore to me that Yes
the lawsuit squares for me But well
if they say it's false then there is another one there is
another similar one okay people
tomorrow we'll see what happens Okay we'll see if they
say something or not and they'll wait for you
a few days or we'll see okay a kiss
handsome tomorrow we'll see you news on
telesalseo  100% I have to do it
tomorrow 100% news and gossip and video
on the main channel I don't know what time
the video is going to be published on the
main channel and I don't know what gossip there will be
for the kids but if the kids
calm down tomorrow tomorrow I'm going to try to
dedicate more hours to the
telesalseo live and from the telesalseo live
straight to the main channel but well it
will depend on the topics that are here because
for example today this has been [ __ ]
crazy rest handsome more than
handsome see you
[Music]